Consider using "Document" instead of "Body of Work" in the title. SOW needs to be in Calibri font 12. Please only boldface the three main parts of the SOW (objectives, methodologies, and deliverables).

Clear title and SOW. Reformulate the issue to start with "checking...". Change "hard" to "difficult" in the issue of the PS. The so what needs to be more specific in terms of what inconsistencies are --> "document inconsistencies". The so what is different from what the industry is. PS elaboration 1 needs to be one sentence. Modify the last part of the TS to highlight that your solution reduces the costs that caused by document inconsistencies and mistakes. The research product should match what you have in the TS and the SOW. How do you plan to benchmark your RQ1? The wording around the word "human" in the RQs and RHs is confusing. Adjust it to have "better than humans can/do". RH3 is not making a clear claim. RQ3 is exploratory. Make sure the RHs fully and completely address the RQs.

Highlight the time-consuming aspect in the issue part of the PS since you are claiming to reduce that time in the TS. Do you have metrics for the average time it takes a trained legal compiler to review docs (RQ3)? If not, dedicate RQ3 to a different measurable aspect of your project. Make sure to include any performance metrics that you found in your sources in the summary/evaluation sections for 2/5 of your ABs. Focus on papers that have attempted to address the problem you are working on, or at least worked on similar problems in difference industries, and highlight how your work will provide a novel solution to the problem you are addressing. 

Rephrase the so what to have a smoother flow for the PS. Add another bullet point to the relevance of AB5.  Make the purpose of the dataset focused on how you plan to use the dataset rather than what it was initially built for. Focus the data treatment operations on operations that you plan to apply to the dataset to prepare it for your ML operations, such as cleaning, text lemmatization, etc.